---
layout: post
title: Last Leg of the University Year
---

### The Stressed Out Week 12 Post
Trimester 3 has been an adventure!

Deep Learning Fundamentals (DLF) has been simultaneously one of the most interesting and disorganised courses I have ever taken. The content was solid, but the lecturer resigned in Week 6, leaving all of the material to be re-taught and compressed into the last six weeks. Thankfully, the new teaching style has been engaging and informative.

There has been a lacking in consistency for assignment direction, but this has enabled me to really thrive and self-direct. I have written some interesting mock papers for the Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), discussing perceptrons and Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN). I'm also currently writing a report on using Recurrent Neural Networks to predict stock prices. Depending on the how the content pans out I might repurpose them into public repositories for fun!

Philosophy has been equally engaging in the interim, I have been writing essays on all sorts of topics. This notably included proxy variables, Just War Theory, Theory of Mind, self-awareness, and language systematicity. I've also enjoyed collecting up and reading some of the papers along the way. 

While I have had extra time, I also made sure to apply for an internship with the Australian Institute of Machine Learning (AIML) and the Academic Ambassador role with the University of Adelaide. Excitingly, I have a follow up interview in a fortnight for the ambassador role. I'm keen to see how it all pans out, so wish me luck! 🙏

Also, I am heading off to Sydney for next week as a tag along for my partners work trip. It will be nice to finish up my assignments in a hotel and eat some delicious street food. 🍖 🍧