---
layout: post
title: Post Graduate Work Begins
---

### The First Week Back
For this trimester, I will be taking Foundations of Computer Science A and Concepts in Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning.

The last two months of [preparing](https://drackonack.github.io/2023/12/14/pre-post-grad.html) have been very helpful for me, especially in finding my feet. This is a relief because I thought I would drown in my first foundations class 😅. It has been encouraging to discover the lecturer's approach to learning. They allow multiple attempts at assessments which really helps decipher what the code should do and how it outputs. Allowing for maximum learning through mistakes and therefore practice. 

The concepts of AI and ML class has been great as well! The lecturer has been engaging and welcoming. Although the "background" mathematical concepts required have been intimidating. They are varied and include vectors, hyperplanes, matrices, tensors, calculus, and probability. 
So, make sure to wish me luck!

Also, it would be fair to credit my partner who has allowed this opportunity by financially supporting us while I pursue a career change and higher education. Thank you so much!

---

### Halfway Through Trimester 1
We are now about halfway through the trimester. Week 6 has just finished and I'm gearing up for week 7. 

So far, this has been a trialling time. Although grade wise I have been doing well, I've been struggling to maintain a solid work ethic. This has largely been due to everybodies least favourite single-stranded RNA virus, COVID, coming for about a 10 day stay starting in week 5.

The Mimo app in conjunction with Exercism has really prepared me well for my Fundamentals of Computer Science course. I have learned a lot and been able to reinforce all of my knowledge to this point. I even got 100% in my first section exam! 

I was able to also submit my first of four assignments for my Concepts of AI and ML course. I'm proud of this effort as it was an uphill battle against my own COVID addled mind. No marks have come back yet but I am otherwise doing well in this course also.

^An exciting update, I recieved a 100% for this as well! Also it turns out gridsearch optimisation has been a favourite of mine so far. 

Wish me luck for the latter half of this trimester, I will need all the luck I can get haha.

---

### Finished off Trimester 1
I've made it through! It's been quite the journey, but I've successfully completed Trimester 1 of my postgraduate studies. 🎉

I'm so proud of my effort so let me share the good news: I managed to achieve a GPA of 7! It's been a challenging ride, especially with the exams, but I'm proud of everything I've achieved so far. I'm especially appreciative of support I recieved from my family, friends, peers, and partner.

I've been indulging in some much-needed downtime lately. Traveling to Melbourne, catching up on some social events with friends, smashing Dragon's Dogma 2, and getting bodied in Balatro have all been a nice change of pace. It's been the perfect way to unwind and recharge before diving into Trimester 2. 🚀📚🎮