---
layout: post
title: Finishing Up Trimester 2 & Starting Semester 2
---

### The Home Stretch!
Trimester 2 is in week 10 at the moment, while Semester 2 is now in week 01. It feels a bit strange to be on 2 schedules at once, but I want to finish the Masters this year! 

For Semester 2 I am completing a course called Applied Machine Learning. I am excited to give it a go! The course is about fining your own dataset in the wild and then develop a machine leanring or artificial intelligence model to analyse the dataset for a real world outcome. I was thinking that I have recently done this at the clinic; it's a good opportunity to do something outside of teaching and ophthalmology. Maybe I will have a go at traffic data from Data SA, as a change?

AI Camp has been good! I have now completed a full semester teaching Wednesdays, Saturdays, and two holiday camps. I even got to teach a third holiday camp over in Sydney at Reddam House. It was very exciting to go for a work trip and see what other schools are like. Let alone exploring all the food over in Sydney. 

Barossa Eye Clinic has been a really good platform for me to not only learn about eyes but also write some narrow AI. It has really developed my knowledge of data, data science, and privacy by design. 

### The Capstone Project
I am excited for my capstone project! I have written a research proposal and put together a literature review already. This trimester's focus has been on accumulating and understanding data, whilst also planning the work that will need to be done next trimester. There is no model building this trimester. 

I have reached out to a local private school and am developing a LLM platform for them. This is a 3 part plan where the LLM will be the first and developed alongside a professional development series for staff, and an ethical checklist for the use of and experimentation with AI in the workplace. 

I like that it is multifaceted and for practical use!!

📌 Complete tangent, my partner surprised me with a Zfold 7 and I have been completely distracted with Balatro as a result... ♠️♥️♣️♦️