---
layout: post
title: Finished off Trimester 1 | Starting Trimester 2
---

### I Am Still Tired Boss!
Trimester 1 is over! It's a bit of a relief as I havent been quite so busy, so consistently, for a while now. That being said I've learned a lot and enjoyed my time with it all.

I'm still at AI Camp and have really found my feet as a tutor/teacher. I enjoy teaching the kids and trying to make the content both engaging and accessible. When making the content, I try to think back to when I was that age. When I was 10 I was difficult to pin down and was always having my name written on the board for talking to much. So, if it would have been interesting to 10 year old me, then it would probably be interesting for my class. or at least thats my hypothesis haha.

I'm also still at Barossa Eye Clinic. It has been difficult but rewarding learning all of the new analytical machines and how their data relates together to build an insight into a patients opthalmic condition. I've been talking with the clinical owner about maybe writing some narrow AI for their machines for fun/exposure/academic clout. 😅

The ambassadorship was fun, I have met a good range of people and enjoyed my time. However, I am equally glad for it to be over because I had spread myself thin enough for 12 weeks, so it will be nice to have a little more time. 

Cybersecurity and Ethics are now over; seeing them off was rewarding especially when I got a HD in both! It was hard work for both me and all of the people around me haivng to hear me complain haha. My partner was an absolute trooper. 

The Internship with AIML was susccesfully extended until the end of semester 1 🎉. The data needed to be reprocessed and various scheduling conflicts have impeded progress but we are getting there.


### Time for a new tired
I have just survived an unholy flu from last week. It was a spiritual experience leaving me searching for meaning in my suffering. I didn't find any in th eend. I until then had never experienced a sinus migraine and wish to never have another. Funnily enough it left me looking like this 😵. 

On the bright side, the week of pain and sleeing did give me a chance to rest and refresh for Trimester 2. 

Also, I get to start my capstone project this trimester, I am still in talks with what that will be so stay tuned!

📌 Also also, Clair Obscur: Expedition 33 has been an amazing Je'RPG and I would reccomend it to anyone who likes JRPGS